[Music]
it's everywhere I go I can't be touched
I won't be stopped it's undeniable of
them defeat of bullet black ops
I've got the skill bringin off glutes
players and make the other team rage
quit the game every one of you kill
cares will come for me
what else did you expect them Pro its
EOD to sit back relax grab a snack and
watch this for the next couple the
minutes I'm will run this clock all the
need is a map and the silence ak-47 get
up with my dogs with my history it's 11
now just like team MV I'm completely
unstoppable if you're looking for
someone better and your search is
impossible check out man because my KD
was so high they said my skills are
superior at me the little kids dry I got
black vision I can see you move I know
which way you're going to go before you
even do chances if we see each other you
are going to die count it an honor dude
you were killed by thrice I boom what
was that my Nate in your face save the
killcam it'll be worth some money one
day on the CoV bro I'm the best you've
ever seen you see my next greatest
[Music]
dropping kids everywhere I go can touch
I want to stop to the nya bowl of
undefeated full of black out I've got
the scoop written on glutes players and
make the other team rage quit the game
every one of your kill kills will come
for me
what else did you expect number let coz
I call the Uni pro fans everywhere I go
I never have to paper cuz my games
untouchable now that I'm playing black
cops are always rock the tomahawk
believe check my share look at my bangs
cuts they join my game and prepare to be
amazed I go 45 and oh yeah I really run
the game
I eat news for breakfast campus for
protein it's an automatic win if you're
assigned to my team I've only died once
and it was from my um grenade look at
the kill kid KBG and that's my name and
my emblem is insane
it's a rabbit and grenade I play search
and wreck kids every single day they
call me only hears me dogs 11 keel
Street with the m16 ACOG
I memorized all the spawnpoints edges
[Music]
rage quit game every one of you killed
cares will come for me
what else did you expect umbrella GOG
see me me mug him with that ak-47
talking players in the head and letting
God deal with them put on pressure with
my presence like barometers and weathers
the weather you think you're good just
know that I know I'm better smg's Ellen
chances sulphite will tonight goes for
anyone fees I'm confident that no one's
nicer are you bad feel free just like
Alexa and if you turn your back that
I'll be the first to night
dooty bro drop shot kids everywhere I go
I can't be touched I won't be stopped
it's undeniable I'm undefeated pulling
blackout I've got the skill pulling off
clutch plays and make the other team
rage quit the game every one of your
kill cams will come for me
what else did you expect a blow it's EOD
[Music]
thanks for watching click here to watch
my lyrics video for bright size call of
duty vs. hallo rap battle and click here
to watch my first-ever lyrics video it
was for bringing me to life by Thousand
Foot Krutch and click here to subscribe
[Music]